[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: I'm gonna go ahead and
work through this solution now.
So I'm gonna leave that open.
So for the starWarsNames.all API,
like I said,
all that I really care about is that
every item in this is a string.
So I'm actually going to create
a utility function down here
called isArrayOfStrings
where I'll pass an array.
And I'm going to use return array.every.
This is just a method that's
available on all arrays.
And it'll take a function that takes
the item and it returns the item or
say the type of item is equal to a string.
So then I can use that function in
my test up here where I say expect.
IsArrayOfStrings, of yeah and
I totally forgot I need to
require the StarWars names all.
So var,
starWarsNames is require Star Wars,
whoops actually it's index.js.
Actually fun fact in node version
four I think, you can actually just
say require('.') and it will give you the
index inside of your current directory.
So fun fact.
So we're going to use starWarsNames.all,
and we'll just say to.be.true.
So an expect isArrayOfStrings.
I'll pass this array.
Where it validates that every
item is type of string, and
if that returns true
then this test will pass.
So we'll save that and my test will run,
so fast you couldn't even see.
That's why I love about Mocha,
it's so fast.
Cool, so and actually if, here's
a little protip with Mocha's watch mode.
If it is running too fast for
you to see then you can just hit
the enter key a bunch and then like
add a new line somewhere and it'll
rerun your tests and you can see, yeah.
Okay.
It did run and it did pass.
Or you could force it to fail and
then pass again.
That's also, sometimes it's just so
fast, like zero milliseconds.
Whoosh.
Yeah, I just love that.
Okay cool, so that's the first one,
that is a way to solve the first one.
I imagine that each of you solved
it maybe a little bit differently.
I really like using functions for
stuff like this.
And so, for the next one, all I want
to verify is that starWarsNames.random,
returns me an item that is
contained in starWarsNames.all.
And so yeah, like
>> Kent C Dodds: Hold on, yeah, okay.
So I'm gonna create a function
here that is called isIncludedIn
and that will take an array.
And here I'm going to return
a function that takes an item and
that will return array.include(item).
So array.include comes from node six.
You need to polyfill it if
you want to run it in, or
sorry it comes from ES, actually will it?
Array.include, fairly certain that comes
from ES 2016, what am I doing here?
Array.include.
>> Student: Supposed to have s.
>> Kent C Dodds: Includes,
yeah you're right.
>> Kent C Dodds: I could have swore
that came from ES 2016, 2017, or 2016,
yeah, ES 2016, so I'm actually not
sure how I got this to ever work,
because I'm not,
we're not polyfilling anything yet.
So that's fun, we'll just do,
just in case, indexOf.
Item is not equal to negative one.
So that's why we'd like to use includes.
But, yeah.
So now, actually, yeah I'm gonna do
things a little bit differently.
So here I, just expected it to be true.
This one I'm going to do something,
yeah just a little bit different.
So I'm gonna say expect,
starWarsNames.random,
.to.satisfy, this is built into Chai.
And again, I should say, like this little
bit right here is a little bit tangential,
it's very like,
this is Chai focused learning that
you're experiencing right now.
Just sort of to expose you to
a really solid assertion library.
If you don't like this or you don't
get it or something, that's okay,
that's not critical to your
learning of how to build a library.
And you can look at this
bit a little bit later.
But yeah, we want expect this whatever
random Star Wars name .to.satisfy,
isIncludedIn, starWarsNames.all.
So what this, to satisfy, is going to do,
is you pass to satisfy a function,
which when it called with this item,
will return true.
Maybe that's a little bit too abstract, so
I'm gonna make it a little
bit more concrete here.
So we're gonna say randomItem
= starWarsNames.random and
then I'm going to say,
expect(randomItem).to.satisfy(function)
that takes the item
and then basically does
this exact same thing.
So we'll copy that, but our array
will be starWarsNames.all.indexOf.
So these two, whoops.
I'm just too used to using ES6 these days.
But yeah, these two thing,
these two bits are equivalent.
It's just one is more
functional than the other or
like functional programming paradigm.
Yeah, if this like blue by
you don't worry about it,
if it didn't then that's awesome.
But now we have our library tested and
that's awesome.
Any questions about testing or
unit testing or
integration testing or doing anything
with testing with your library?
We're gonna cover code coverage next.
>> Kent C Dodds: So
is asking about the lesson branches.
So if you are clever and say git branch,
actually you're not seeing
those on here but if you sorry.
>> Student3: If you do dash R
it'll show there more right?
>> Kent C Dodds: There we go thank you.
So yeah if you show all of the branches
then you'll see all these lesson branches.
I actually use the same repo to teach
a acad course on this same topic.
So if you wanted to go look that up,
it's kind of fun.
But yeah, that's what those are for.
This one is a little bit more recent.
So fun stuff.